April 2020: timetrackR has been updated to be integrated with Toggl exports and the layout has been changed from a traditional shiny app to a shinydashboard. Additionally, the app is now hosted at https://timetrackr.shinyapps.io/timetrackr/ -- check it out! 

Feb 2020: Thanks to all who came to the RLadies presentation on timetrackR on February 26! The current version of timetrackR works in conjunction with an Excel file where you log your hours, but I am in the process of updating to be compatible with exports directly from toggl. I am planning to release this update by the end of April. Stay tuned! 

Abstract: While tracking time may seem like a mundane task that in and of itself consumes your time, if monitored and assessed regularly it can be useful to create a record of your work and to identify potential areas for improving efficiency. Existing time tracking apps and websites have default visualizations and insights, but they are often behind a paywall or not entirely relevant to the academic research setting. The timetrackR shinydashboard utilizes time tracking data from toggl to provide a high-level summary of the percentage of time spent by project, client, task or project phase; the total number of hours spent on each project or by client; and a timeline framing each project’s trajectory from planning through analysis and manuscript preparation. These simple metrics can be effective in performing a time audit to identify patterns that you may not have otherwise observed, and can be used to inform your priorities and responsibilities going forward.
